simplify abstract (#58)
core-wg/yang-cbor: draft-ietf-core-yang-cbor.md

--- abstract

> This document defines encoding rules for serializing YANG data tree instance data using the Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR, RFC 8949).

Author: ```suggestion
This document defines encoding rules for representing configuration
data, state data, parameters of Remote Procedure Call (RPC)
operations or actions, and notifications defined using YANG as Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR, RFC 8949).
```
